docs: misc docs reorganize and cleanups (#2768)
bentoml/BentoML: docs/source/concepts/deploy.rst

.. TODO::
    Explain limitations of each platform, e.g. GPU support
    Explain how to customize the terraform workflow

About Horizontal Auto-scaling
-----------------------------

> Auto-scaling is one of the most asked requirements when it comes to deploying models. It
> means that the system will automatically provision more hardware resources to run more
> replicas of the server in respond to growing traffic, as well as reducing the number of
> replicas if traffic volume went down.
> 
> Among the deployment options introduced in this guide, Yatai on Kubernetes is the most
> recommended approach if auto-scaling and resource efficiency is important for your team.
> This is because Yatai allow users to fine-tune the resource requirements and
> auto-scaling policy at Runner level, which also allows the auto scaling to react faster
> to the data collected in Runner's adaptive batching layer in real-time.
> 
> Many of the bentoctl deployment targets also come with certain level of auto-scaling
> capability, including AWS EC2 and AWS Lambda.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auto-scaling is one of the most sought-after features when it comes to deploying models. Autoscaling helps optimize resource usage and cost by automatically provisioning up and scaling down depending on incoming traffic.

Among deployment options introduced in this guide, Yatai on Kubernetes is the
recommended approach if auto-scaling and resource efficiency are required for your team’s workflow.
Yatai enables users to fine-tune resource requirements and
auto-scaling policy at the Runner level, which inherently improves interoperability between auto-scaling and data aggregated at Runner's adaptive batching layer in real-time.

Many of bentoctl’s deployment targets also come with a certain level of auto-scaling
capabilities, including AWS EC2 and AWS Lambda.
```
@parano thoughts on this? I just rewrote this for better coherency
